Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight, and good
morning to everyone from all around
the world. I know there
are many
people just waking up and praying with
us.
We have urgency in our hearts to
pray tonight. There's a lot that the
Lord has to talk to you about.
First off, we want to give all the glory
to Jesus. Everything that we say in
word and in deed, we give all to the
glory of God on this channel. I want
you always to know that He is
first, and we are a vessel
that He works through, so we just
keep giving all the glory to Jesus
regarding
everything we say and do on this
channel. It has nothing to do with Brandon
or Diana; it has everything to do with the
Lord and what He's telling
us—what
we believe the Lord is telling us of
what's coming: the signs of the times of
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to have an urgency. There's
more of an urgency today than I've ever
felt before. Tonight, I have a lot
to give you, and I'm going to
give it to you as quickly as possible so
we can jump right into prayer concerning
these things. In the last video we came
on here, we told you all that
President Trump was in the Valley of
Decision,
and I saw him making a major decision
concerning
world events. I've gotten a lot
more concerning this and what the Lord has
told us in the last 24 hours. Diana has
a lot of it written down.
Help me, Holy Ghost, because I have a
lot here to tell you. I saw
the fork in the road going like this.
As I have been praying even today, I
went into deep intercession and I
stopped; I couldn't get over the wall.
I said, 'Lord, where am I? What's
going on with this?'He said, 'You
need corporate prayer. There are certain
things that I will give you that can
only be
overcome
through a corporate body. Bring it to
the people tonight on your channel and
you will push this through.
You can't do this on your own.'Because I
told Diana, I said, 'We've got to push
harder.'I
was holding her hand
and I said, 'It just doesn't
seem like it's
enough.'Very
often, we
don't
come
upon
something between the two of us that we
can't push through. Usually, we
are
able to push that boulder through, but
this time I could see over
the edge
and I could peek over the edge of what
was coming.
I told her, 'I can see it. If I
could just sustain myself there in that
spot, I can see more of what's
coming.'But
the Lord said you can
do this through the Body. So I was
going to say something tonight with
where we were at, but the Lord said,
'Hold it. This is where we can deliver
this message.'What I'm going to tell
you all is that I saw President Trump
in the Valley of Decision and a major
escalation of war.
I kept hearing World War III.
This is the difference between the
decision that he makes in the
next couple of hours.
Now,
I know when I'm looking into the spirit, it
seems like it's right in front of my
face, but sometimes it could be days away.
It's imminent; it could be
a week or two weeks.
But I'm going to tell you the
urgency of the hour of what I'm
seeing because
He's given us two weeks. Remember
I told you all: two weeks. Pray over
these
next two weeks. This is the pivotal time,
this time frame right now. As we see
Iran shutting down their airspace, China
flying two major planes into Iran,
and
Israel—from
what I understand, maybe
Israel
is
not
allowing incoming or outgoing
flights? I think so.
Yeah, that's what you're talking
about. I believe
so.
Maybe you all can confirm
that. We haven't had time; we've been
running really hard today.
So, all these things are coming.
This is what I saw: I saw
the Lord kept saying, 'Push the button,
Trump.
Push the button, Trump. You're running
out of time. Push the
button.'I
could see him pushing the button
concerning the decision,
praying over the council that is
influencing the decision
because he has a council board. I
saw these people talking to him and I
saw Israel talking. I
saw
intelligence, and I am praying over the secret
intelligence
and
the people that would
be in harm's way,
because it was very important for the
secret intelligence to be protected.
This was very important
on both sides.
As this was coming, I saw the Supreme
Court, and the Lord showed
me—remember
I said we can't allow
the tariffs not to happen?
Because that's the lifeblood
of
the plan concerning the economy
of America
to allow
the economy to flourish and go to
the next level. It would help
sustain us and keep him from going over the
side of the waterfall
because the economy was in trouble.
I saw the Supreme Court judges.
We saw the
African-American man and the
white man.
The Lord told us, 'Pray over those two
judges.'What
is it about those two
judges? I saw Kim, and then I saw
these faces. The Lord said, 'Pray over
these judges. This is a major decision
concerning the
tariffs.'So
I've been praying over these tariffs
because a Plan B, if we don't
have Plan A, is the tariffs. Plan B
is I saw a scramble of
what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we, if this falls
and we have to pay back trillions of
dollars to these
nations, what does America do
with their economy?
This is a very hard position.
This is vital. Some
people go, 'Well, Brandon, I
don't'Hey,
listen. We're in a mess.
Most of you don't realize
how big of a mess we're in. We're 34
or more, 40 trillion dollars in the hole.
When you've got 40 trillion dollars worth
of credit card bills and debt,
what do you do? You have to have a Hail
Mary play.
This is serious. This is do or
die. Do you understand where we're at?
'Well, I don't believe all
that.'Then
you're ignorant;
you don't know.
We're at the point of paddling
upstream
against Niagara Falls. The Lord
said, 'We're at the point of no return.
I'm giving you a window of
opportunity.'As
I was praying today, I kept
hearing
that
there will be a wound
against America that will not be fatal,
that will bring people to
their knees to bring the bride by My
side.
'I'm bringing the bride by My
side.'There's
a shaking to awaken
with what's coming.
As I saw Greenland, Venezuela,
and
the
uprising—what
Trump had a plan
for:
minerals, oil.
Again, praying over Iran, the
oil wells in Iran, to be striking the oil
wells in Iran to the BRICS
nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on
the ground
doing this.
This is much bigger than civilians. Why
did the civilian uprising happen?
Who instigated
it?
How did it get so
big? It's much bigger than what I can
say online;
it's much bigger than what I can
relay
to you.
You must think bigger. You must come up
higher in your prayer life with the
Lord. You can't pray the news. If you're
praying the news, you're too late.
You must come up higher in your
authority as a believer. So I try
to encourage you all the time to read
books like this about Sister Billye
and
the believer's authority. Read
about
your authority and learn how
to operate in the authority of the believer.
I'm not getting a kickback for
telling
you to buy
this book. This is just something that
we practice every day of our life, and
I'm trying to help you.
It's like a $3 read,
but it's helped us. The Lord always
said
when we drive the car,
'You're not in your seat. Take your
seat.'And
so I say, 'Diana, stop.
We can't do it anymore.
We've
got to get this book out, and we've got to
read over what Sister Billie taught us.
Get that word down inside of your heart—the
Bible—and
then adding this
to it like supplements. It's like you
take your vitamins; you eat
your good food, which is the word of
God, and then you add supplements.
You have some
vitamins, minerals,
and
maybe some extra
vitamin C in your diet because you
can't say the word of God
is
depleted. The word of God is not
depleted; it's just adding a little
extra to it
with people that have
walked it
and have scripture to back up
everything they're saying. It's not like
you're going, 'Well, you're off in
La
Land.'You're
getting the word of God, plus
they have the scriptures
backing up what they're saying, so you
add to it.
Does that make sense?
Am I off in that?
No, the Bible's the main
course,
the
foundation
of everything.
But adding
things—you
don't add or take
away anything from the word of
God—I'm
just
saying we add supplements.
This helps us.
I'm
trying to be an illustration for
you that are slow,
not
in
disrespect, but there it is.
So,
applying your authority
and learning how to come
up higher.
If you come up higher like an
eagle, you'll see what's coming. If
you're praying the news, you're already
too late. The news is old. We must be
like
the watchman or the eagle that sees
way far in advance. They know what's
coming, when a storm's coming,
and
where the food
is.
That's what we have to do with our
spiritual walk with the Lord.
And that's why I'm telling you all by
the Spirit of God right now: we're in
the valley of decision. I saw a
major decision concerning Iran, and the
Lord kept saying, 'Push the button.
Push the
button.'I
saw Russia
with Putin, with a
pentagram
circling him. I saw that
demonic spirit influencing his mind to
escalate. And I heard weapons of war—unconventional weapons of war.
I saw the elders weeping:
grandmas, grandpas, your
great-grandmas that had walked through
the valley of war with World War
II, Vietnam, and
the
Korean War.
They remembered
it. Because they had walked, I saw a
major draft coming again.
And I heard the elders say
it.
The cold is engulfing
across the land. Remember,
'the old will cry
from
the
graves.'I
saw graves across the land in
Europe. I saw an uprising and war.
A
great war in the
oceans, the resources in the midst.
I saw an attack
against our resources from the supply
chain coming out of China again
as an escalation of things was
taking
off. I saw the boats coming from
China—these
trade wars and
medicines and supplies for
hospitals—things
were in trouble
as an escalation of war. I saw a supply
chain of food.
Europe was upset.
I remember I told you I saw
Macron coming on the scene, upset about
Greenland. It was an
escalation on all fronts.
But Trump was in the valley of
decision,
and that's why we must pray for him
tonight concerning the decisions that he
will make in the days ahead.
These are major decisions that
will seriously
alter and change the course of everything.
We must pray that he makes the precise
one by the holy leading of the Holy
Spirit,
that he's not led by flesh
or
a
carnal mind, but led
and
controlled by the Holy Ghost in
these last days. That's why we have
President Trump.
He's having a hard time.
He's under pressure and
persecution.
Whenever your flesh gets out of control
and you start acting that way, people
go, 'Well, I thought you said he was
going to be born again.'I'm not judging
him. I can
tell you, for the little pressure we've
had, it makes you cranky
sometimes. And with the pressure he's
having with all the demonic
activity
going on—are we backing him enough in
prayer, church?
This should be bathed in praying in
tongues. Pray without ceasing. Pray
for our
nation; we're in the valley of decision.
I told you a 'Red Dawn'experience was in
our nation. We have an enemy
within that came over from the Biden
administration. I'm not here to
preach fear, but I'm trying to
prepare you.
Pray
over Taiwan
and
this escalation of things that I've
seen coming.
It's about Greenland.
The
dollar's
in trouble.
Politicians remain silent. The
Democrats
know the dollar's
in trouble if they don't pass the
tariffs. Out of desperation and pride,
heads will roll in the night.
An
acceleration you will see to bring them
to their
knees.
Monday night, I saw
a lot. I saw
Capitol Hill.
I saw JD Vance in black and
white.
He had
a humongous head
with
a very skinny neck, and his neck
was not able to balance his head.
It
looked like his head was just
bobbling all around, but he was fighting
on Capitol Hill,
looking at the White House.
A massive peacock
came down on the
top of the dome of the Capitol,
curled its head down, and looked
towards JD Vance.
As the
peacock was down,
its
feathers were down.
It had
some kind of light on
it
that looked like sparkles,
but the peacock
looked like it was being humbled,
cowering
down to the presence of the Lord.
Humility was coming on
this peacock.
Its
head was bowed down low as
it
started
looking at the bobblehead,
and the bobblehead was looking at our
president. There was a
massive storm
all around the White House.
Lightning was going all around him.
He was busy
at his desk. Arched over the resolute
desk,
he was writing
diligently in a book
with
much focus, unaware of his
surroundings. It appeared he
was focused on
the
task at hand. I
looked
through the window of
the White House from outside
the
lawn and saw our
president writing at his desk.
It was a type of shadow. The Lord is trying to
warn you through a vision. I do
not
believe there is a peacock
on there, of course,
and JD Vance had a head
like that,
but it is something the Lord is trying to
warn us about.
I saw
a massive storm
behind
Congress. There was a massive storm
around JD Vance, and he was the
only thing in black and white, appearing as if
he were in an
old-timey
movie.
His face was
like that
of
a cartoon character
because
his head was so big.
He
looked
like one of those modern animated characters
with a big head.
It was an animated head.
We
then went to Mexico,
and the Lord showed us Claudia being
removed.
Do you remember that? I saw a new
businessman
coming into her position
who
looked like Antonio Banderas.
He looked like a Hollywood movie
star—handsome,
well-kept, dressed
in
a suit, and
fit.
He
appeared
very proper
in
his mannerisms. The Lord said he
is a businessman, and
we should
pray for him.
I saw a new businessman type of
leadership coming into this role
who
was
well-spoken, like a Donald Trump.
He
was
poised, not scattered, and
not led by the cartel;
he was separate.
I saw a great revival coming to Mexico
in the days ahead.
The Lord said, "What you
are
seeing must be bathed in prayer for
the Spanish
and
Mexican
communities.
This does not just happen; it
must
be bathed in prayer
because
there is a
plan."I
saw her being removed and a
new man coming in
who
looked like
Antonio Banderas.
He was a very poised
man.
At the bottom of
the Capitol Hill steps,
back to the old vision, I saw Rubio with
massive eyes
looking at JD Vance.
His
eyes were
popping out of his body,
and he was focusing in shock
at
how big JD Vance's head was.
Rubio was at the bottom of the
steps,
and
JD Vance
was
at
the
top.
He was sweating profusely
and darting back and forth.
He was distressed,
looking towards JD
Vance.
I saw
President Trump's wife
in Florida
with Barron.
She was waiting for him to come home.
She had on a low-cut, sequined ball gown
with a beautiful train.
Barron was in a tuxedo,
walking away from his mother,
but she was eagerly anticipating President
Trump's return.
She was
waiting at their house in Florida.
I could see her at the doorway.
I
wondered
why
the first lady was
in
Florida standing
a ball gown, and they were all
waiting for some kind of celebration.
That was when He said that he
will finish his race, not a disgrace.
It
is
so important about the
race—the
Senate and the House.
These major decisions are about to be made, including the
speech he is to
give
at
the State of the
Union.
We must pray for this speech, which is on
February
24th.
This
is
the
make-or-break
time going into
the midterms. I saw
him losing the Senate
and winning the House by a narrow
margin, which
will help him
not be impeached.
He will finish his term.
Praying for his protection
and
for
the
major
pivotal moments
that
will affect
the
rest of
his
presidency. There
is
a great
shaking coming to Iran. These are major
pivotal moments.
Pray for protection
and
liberation over these places.
Revival is
coming.
This is where anti-Semitism will
rise, but it is by design. He
is
bringing His people back to the land,
fulfilling prophecy. My Son's return is
imminent.
When
they strike Iran, I saw great
anti-Semitism hitting this earth.
There
was so much pressure on the Jews
in New York and around the
world in Europe that they uprooted
and went back home
to Israel.
The Lord said,
"The
Golan
Heights is Mine.
Gaza is Mine, and it belongs to Israel;
in the days ahead, it will belong to
My people. I
am
taking back My
land."I
saw them
building on it. There
will
be people all upset.
That
is
what the Lord
said, not Brandon.
There
is
great pressure on the decisions that
he makes.
He
knows the
hour at hand and that he
is
running out of time. This takes much
prayer that he will have three years
instead of one full year. He will push
through so much this year. Finances,
stuff like that. A year of urgency,
and then that is when you saw a great
shaking in the Philippines. A major
church shaking will happen in a day.
Australia, a great revival coming, a
freshness out of the fire, out of the
coals, out of the embers that once were. A
cultivation, a blowing with new kindling
over New Zealand, a shaking, a revival.
Africa, all these places, a glorious move
as the world as a whole.
Valley of the decision like the
beginning of the race, land run,
anticipating the coming of the Lord
Jesus. 1 Corinthians 5:5. Yep.
That is
what he said.
And so he was bringing, he said a
great shaking in Pakistan in the days
ahead.
He talked about a great shaking in
Pakistan,
which I do not understand why Pakistan,
what he had to do with it, but that
is
what he said. I just said what he
said. And then if we back up, this
is the part where it was the two-in-one
storm. The two-in-one storm. Okay. Did
you already talk about that? No, you can
read it. I do not know.
What do you
feel about it? You are
saying,
I do
not
know if you already said
that. That is why I was saying I think
you already said all this.
Yeah, you already said all that. It goes
up like a spaceship. Yeah.
You said all this. I
am
just making sure.
So, how many minutes? Yeah, I kept under
30. Yeah, I saw I was after I thought
I put it.
28. I am almost at 30. I
am
trying to not take all your time.
Yeah, I think you got it.
Braden, do you think? Yeah. And then
you saw and you saw the economy of
Mexico. You said that. Yeah,
because
the new Mexican president, and then
I saw a shaking in Cuba. I have seen a
shaking in all these areas. I told
you about the drug trafficking and all
the things that are major.
And the Lord talked about
the five families. He keeps bringing up
those five families, the mafia
that there will be an
uprising because I saw them. It was
business, but they wanted to keep the
main thing the main thing because of
Maduro. No,
Maduro. Yeah, Maduro. No,
Mandani,
Zoran,
Mandani
over
New York, that they would rise up because
they did not want to
be changed the way he was wanting to
go,
and I saw that
they would actually look like heroes.
I do not know how they would ever look
like heroes, but I saw them looking
like a hero. The five families,
strong mafia ties coming against
a change in New York so bad that
because of this demonic thinking,
this carnal, evil thinking that
is
going to start to come out of
this. I saw again New York on fire.
I saw great protesting coming.
I saw buildings burning. I saw the 41st
floor burning
of a building.
I saw
the subways burning.
People were rioting and acting stupid.
This is a godlessness. This is
an
act of terrorism.
Some of it is paid, some of it is not.
Some of it is just people just fed up and
irritated because they are not in the
word. They do not know Jesus.
I think I
have
hit everything pretty good.
We must pray for Oh, I saw BB
again.
Should I say that?
I do not know.
What does the Lord think? I am going to say it. I
have nothing
to
be afraid of.
Say it, lover. What did I say
exactly? I do not want to quote the
Lord wrong.
Okay. So, we pray over BB's protection.
We must pray over BB's protection
because I saw an attack against his life
again.
And this was a successful attempt. It was
not
like Trump's ear. It was not like
anything. It was an actual attempt that
was successful.
This is the second time now I have seen
this.
Very, very strategic, very, very
detailed
about this man
concerning his safety,
concerning
his platform, and
every single time I prayed over it, it
was
like hitting a wall. It is almost
like you are going through mud. And I try
to describe that and you do not know
how to describe it to people who
are not probably seasoned prayers, but it
is
like you are trying to get traction.
So all right. So let's pray. Ready?
Let me go. You have everything ready.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
the body that was broken. We kept it
underneath
30. We did good. Yes.
Welcome all 10,000 of you. Thank you for
taking this time seriously. We have a lot
to pray about tonight. I gave the
update in 30 minutes. Did you have any
news articles? Not really. Did you not
say you are
praying over this over
here
if you want to talk about that?
Okay. Yeah, I would like to talk about that.
Kosovo. I have been praying over Kosovo
today. Oh, and the Lord gave me a
name.
And this is a very important I, as I was in
travail concerning this name, and it
was
concerning terrorist groups, and I did
not
know the name that I was calling
out, but this is the name I said. Do you
have the name? Yeah.
Boko Haram. Boko Haram
is the name that the Lord gave me.
And we were praying for this, and I
said, what is this word? And I told
Diana, write this word down. And
whenever he gave me that word, that was
the name that he gave me today as I
was travailing over what is about to take
place in this world.
So, and when we tried to Google it, it was
bad.
And I said, what in the world is because I
get these weird names that I am telling
y'all, I am just a country boy. I do
not
know what this stuff
is. And I told Diana, I said, this is a name I
keep hearing. And the Lord said, write
it down. So she did,
and we found out it is a terrorist
group.
And then you are saying about Ukraine,
whatever. Yeah. You said
that about Putin. I
saw Putin taking Ukraine.
Ukraine
rising up and using those
weapons. But then the Lord said,
praying over Kosovo. And I do not know
why Kosovo.
What? I do not get it. But I still do
what he says. And I prayed over Kosovo
for a long time today.
So,
Kosovo, praying over Ukraine. I saw a
major war across Europe. There was World
War III.
And it was very, very
bad.
We have not seen this before.
Weapons that have never been used
before.
So,
we pray over the valley of decision.
Ready?
All right,
you can pray.
I want to interrupt for a second. I
am
just making sure I got everything
right. I am asking the Holy Spirit, checking
myself
to
say everything you wanted me to
say.
I warned the people
of the urgency, the Father,
of where we are at the signs of the times.
I inquire of you.
Oh Jesus, we fall at your feet.
We take everything you have given us so
seriously.
Was
not the Brandon show and Diana
Whiz
all about Jesus? And I want so
badly, Father, to make you pleased.
We humble ourselves underneath the mighty
hand of God
that we warn your people of the urgency
of the hour, warning about the church
and the shaking that you have shown me
that America will be shaken.
You said a miracle. You said that. You said a
major shaking is coming.
How much do you focus on either one
side? It is like a quarter. The glory and
the outpouring of finances for the body
of Christ with the cryptos and things
like that versus the destruction and the
war.
It was so close to each other. It
is that
how thin it is. It is like a
rice paper thin from both sides. You can
either focus on the darkness or you can
focus on the light.
I choose to focus on the light.
I choose to look at Jesus
because I am telling you there is no fear
in love. Perfect love. Even what Pastor
Chip was saying, he said even tonight, he
said what Peter and them were all
going through when he said about
Timothy, God has not given me a
spirit because fear is a spirit.
Fear is a spirit. God has not given me
the spirit of fear, but of power, love,
and of a well-balanced mind.
You either cast down every
high imagination that exalts itself
above the word of God and say
perfect love casts out fear. I am not going to
walk in fear. I am going to walk in love. We
are
going to walk in the authority of
the believer. But I'm warning you of
what the Holy Spirit is telling us we
can pray over. Did he tell me to tell
you to say, 'Well, you know what?
All the sky is falling, Chicken
Little.'No.
He said, 'Tell my seasoned prayer people.'There
are
10,000 of you right now
that are watching that are seasoned
prayer warriors.
Seasoned. You know how to pray. And
that's why you're here,
at
almost night, from around the
world.
You know the signs of the times of the
coming Lord Jesus Christ. You have an
urgency in your heart of where we are.
That's why you're here right now, because
a lot of you are not getting it at
the church you're attending.
And I want to tell you that God has a
plan for your life.
It's a plan to prosper you, to bless
you, to give you an expected end. He
wants you to walk in the glory in these
last days.
I'm not a doomsday preacher. I'm not a
doomsday person. But I'm telling you, we
are into some very serious times.
Times like you've never seen before. But
what is it time for the
church to rise and shine? For the light
has
come and the glory of the Lord is
risen on you and me.
When they see the darkness and the
gross darkness coming on the world,
they see the light on you and me and my
wife, and they say, 'Hey,
there's something different about
them.'What
will they see when the
shit
starts
hitting the fan?
They're going to be running to the Lord.
What are you
going to do when they come?
What kind of church are they coming to
when they get there?
Are they going to have a religious,
dead, lukewarm gospel? Or are they going to
have the
meat of the word
that teaches you how to have a backbone
like a crowbar,
that teaches you how to stand and know
your authority and say, 'Hey,
you don't have to deal with the devil in
your
life.'Yes,
we're in the end times. Yes, we're
seeing all these signs of the times
come
to pass because Jesus told us in
Matthew 24 that they would.
It's all happening.
But what are we to do as the salt
and
the lifeblood
to
this earth right now? We're the prayers.
We're supposed to pray and we're
supposed to bring in the glory.
That's our job because they're coming.
What are they going to get when they get
there? Are
they
going to get religion?
Are they going to get watered down poopy
porridge?
Are they going to get something that's
going to feed them
so
that they go, 'This is the best
tasting
steak I've
ever had.
My God, this is
life-changing.'Thank
you for telling me how to live by
faith and how to lay hands on the
sick and see them recover, how to cast
out devils, how to walk on water
if need be,
how to translate. The Lord told us he's
opening up the spirit highway above
us
and he's going to start taking many of
you that are watching right now and
you'll be praying in the middle of the
night and he'll take you and put you in
a
North Korean home
and you'll go,
'Look, what is going on? Where am I
at?'And
you'll
speak perfect
Korean,
and you'll understand what they're
saying and you'll witness
to them and tell them about Jesus. Lay
hands on them, let the power of God deliver
them from whatever they need help with,
and then you'll be back in your room.
He said, 'If they won't allow me in, I
will allow you
in.'That
means if they won't allow their
borders to open, I'll create a no-border
zone
for you to go into their
area. I'm going to take you out of your
house and I'm going to
place you into places by the hand of my
hand
and you'll just be there.
It's time to believe God for the big.
A lot of us are believing God for
too small for what's about to take
place.
You must enlarge your vision, enlarge
your capacity to reach the lost.
It's time to enlarge your capacity to
reach the lost.
Jesus Christ is coming. I don't care
what sister so-and-so is telling you,
that it's way down the road in the sweet
by-and-by.
I'm telling you there
is
an
urgency of the Lord, the
return of the Lord, and he's standing at
the door and he's waiting to see, 'Who
shall I send into the earth?
Who will go for me? Who will speak for
me? Who will decree and declare that I'm
coming?'Are
you awake?
There's many people that are not awake
right now.
He told me that's why the shaking
is
coming, because you listen to sister
so-and-so down the road telling you that
you've
got all this time. But the Lord said
there's no urgency. I'm
coming.
He told me, even yesterday or is it
today?
He said, 'Many of them in Sodom and
Gomorrah, and
your
Abraham on the hill, warning them
today.'That
was today. You're warning
them because they don't even see; even
the closest circles around don't really
have an urgency yet.
They're talking the talk, but
they're not walking the walk.
They
are
parroting what they've heard for years,
but there's no
true expectation of it.
If they were, they
would act different. He said
there needs to be an urgency in
my church.
They're so familiar with Sodom and
Gomorrah that they don't see what's
coming. Their eyes are not in line.
He said the eyes of their understanding
are not enlightened.
Ephesians 1, the eyes of their
understanding, they don't have an
enlightenment
of what's coming.
They parrot a lot,
but there's no revelation.
It's not Rhema.
If it was Rhema, you would be doing
everything you could. If Jesus was coming
today, how would you really act?
If he was coming in September,
which I believe is in the next Shmita
cycle, now that's what I'm praying
over. I'm not trying to say Brandon says
Jesus Christ is coming by
2028. I'm telling you, we have a great
opportunity.
That's what I believe.
But I believe it's all depending on
what the church does in the next
three
years.
What will you do with the window I've
given you? He said,
'Bring in the lost. How desperate? How
hungry? How thirsty? How bad do
you want
it?'And
that's what he keeps talking to me
about every day.
You must warn them, stir them,
tell them I'm coming. I said, 'Lord,
they know.'Well, he said it so much, it
sounds like we're a broken record. He
said, 'But there's no change
in the heading.
If you were changing the heading in the
plane, you would see a deviation from
where you were going,
but there's no urgency yet.'They don't
get it.
Keep telling them, and I'll back it with
signs following. There
will
be earthquakes. There
be volcanoes. There will be wars
and rumors of wars. There
will
be plagues and pestilence. There
be things coming that will
shake them. I'm going to give them a
sign out of the soil.
An artifact out of the soil that was an
ancient artifact that will be a sign of
I am El Shaddai. I am that
I am.
And it will shake even the Muslims in
the days ahead.
I will shake the Muslims. I wish that
none should perish, that all come to
repentance. He told me
even the Muslims.
Even the devil
worshippers,
even the Buddhists, he
wants all of us to come to repentance.
Not one of us to perish.
But there's no urgency even in the
churches that say they're urgent.
There's a lot behind just a couple of
minutes of a sermon, but there's not
enough urgency. He said to me even
today,
he said, 'Brandon, I'm
coming.'So
he said, 'Tell them.
Tell them.'And I tell all of
you, Jesus Christ is coming.
You must repent and turn from your
wicked ways. You're running out of time.
Signs of the times of the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ are all around you. Look at
Iran. Watch what happens in the days
ahead. It could even happen tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if we strike
them again tonight, but it will be their
oil.
I saw oil wells burning. I saw the
Ayatollah Khomeini fleeing. I saw him
leaving. I saw major dignitaries of Iran
fleeing to Iraq,
and they were dressed in different
clothes so they couldn't be caught.
I saw them scattering like
cockroaches in a house
when a light comes on.
They were going to Europe, they
were going to Russia, they were going to
Iraq, they were going to wherever they
could to try to hide
because they didn't want to lose their
lives,
as
they were wanted dead or alive.
And that was true. When they said they're
threatening
Trump
today, it's not Trump that they're
after. He's a decoy. They want his son.
I've warned you over and over again.
It's over
Dawn.
Most people think that they're after Trump.
They said, If we can't get him, I hear
him in meetings,
if we can't get him because he's well
protected, we'll get what matters to him
the most.
If we can't get him, we'll get what
matters to him the most.
That's why we pray for his son.
We pray for his grandkids. We pray for
what matters to him the most. I
even saw him on the golf course and
they were trying to use a drone. It
would
come off of a boat
in the Atlantic Ocean
and they tried to use some kind of
secret
stealth drone and they were trying to
do it over his golf course
to try to come up with a plan of
how they can, it was way high up.
I saw this drone way high up. It was
so high
you couldn't see it with your eye
because it blended in
and they tried to do something with
that.
There were so many things that I've seen
that I keep praying over
and interceding for him to finish his
course,
for him to finish what God has called
him to do.
Because God has his hand on that man
and we can't allow him to be weary and
wallowing
with all the demonic pressure
that he's facing every day and pride to
set in and get angry and bitter.
You are only successful
like David's mighty men of war because
the hand of the Lord was on you, sir.
You're only successful, not by
how you think you're good, but because
God has his hand on you.
Liberating Venezuela was not you and how
great our military was. And we didn't
lose anybody.
It's because God's hand of protection
and prayer is coming forth to protect
our people. It's by the hand of the Lord
to liberate a people that are bound by a
dictator, drug trafficking, and
sex trafficking. The Lord says, I
want revival.
That's all he cares about.
He wants
revival in Venezuela. He wants revival
in these areas.
And so
God will use whoever he wants to use. And
he said just like this, I will use just
like David, he'll be a man of war. Look
at what he's doing.
It'll be peace and he'll bring peace
and he'll bring this. But right now
it's about America making it strong
right now. And that's why I saw
people go, Did you say you saw British
Columbia joining up with America, not
Ontario? I've seen all of it.
The whole country
in the future joins up with America,
dollar-wise,
not borders.
Canada's economy is in trouble.
Mexico's economy, when they get this
Rico Suave guy, you know, this new guy,
they will join up with America. When Claudia
is
out of the way, I saw this
business dude saying, Hey, let's
be partners in
finances.
I even had the shots. Braden made
him.
So, I've talked way too long, but I'm
trying to tell you it's time to get
urgent about Jesus Christ coming.
There's 11,000 of you now.
Father, we just thank you.
I
thank you, Lord, for all the people that
are here tonight, all of you to pray.
And we thank you, Lord, for the body
that was broken.
And we thank you, Lord, right now. We
pray over President Trump. We pray over
the valley of decision, the
urgency of the hour. And we thank you,
Lord, right now for the body. We take
this, Lord, and we're so grateful that
you died for us and you rose again on
the third day. That we don't have to
have sickness in our body. We don't have
to have disease in our body. That you
said in your word, by my stripes,
you're healed.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Either that's real to you or it's not.
You got to be a believing believer in
these last days. I've seen great evil
things coming, but I've seen great glory
coming. And it's on the church that will
rise up and say, I believe that Jesus
Christ is a healer.
I believe that he is the same yesterday,
today, and forever. What Jesus did 2,000
years ago, he's still doing today. As he
is, so are we in this world. He is
living in me. He is dwelling
in me and I receive it by faith. I
believe that when I lay hands on the
sick, they'll recover. I believe that we
can cast out devils. You think, well,
why don't we talk about that anymore? Because
the seeker-friendly
churches don't want
to talk about devil-possessed people
anymore, because it's not politically
correct and it's not really friendly.
You know what? There's people that are
walking around
bogged down with demonic spirits and we
have authority over them and we can cast
them out in the name of Jesus and you
don't have to be bound by that anymore.
We have power and authority to tread on
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt us. Either you believe
it or you don't.
So that's why I take this because I'm a
believing believer.
This represents something to me. This
isn't a religious act. This is
relationship.
Either you believe Jesus Christ lives on
the inside of you or you don't.
This is his blood and it was shed for
me. I believe it's a representation of
it.
He bore everything for me and I'm wall-to-wall
the
Holy Ghost.
So, Father, we lift up the body. We
thank you, Lord, that that body you
took it for us and we take it often
in
remembrance of you and it's holy
and it's undefiled.
It's beautiful. You're everything for
me, Jesus. You took it for me.
According to Galatians, Christ has
redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Deuteronomy is all the curses. Go
read them.
I'm redeemed from it.
I don't have to have that. And so we
take this body in Jesus name.
Thank you, Lord.
Jesus, we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of you. And I apply the
blood over anything that you want to
show to me tonight. If not, we'll just
pray.
We're not here to perform. We're here to
seek your face.
And we plead the blood over my eyes,
over my spiritual eyes. And if there's
anything you want to show me,
we're so grateful.
We're so thankful that you chose us for
such a time as this.
And I apply the blood.
I apply the blood uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force.
I apply the blood.
The blood makes much of us
today. We make much of the blood. Thank
you, Lord. Forgive us of our sins,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that
we're washed in your blood in Jesus
name. Amen.
I never
try
to look over and see
it without taking communion first.
We have boxes of it everywhere. And I
always sit there and make sure that
everything's taken care of because I
enter in by the blood of the lamb.
We go to the throne room and we're
his kids. I'm adopted into his family.
I'm so grateful
that he calls me his
that I sit at his feet. And when you sit
at his feet, he'll tell you the secret
things.
I don't, I'm not rude,
but I come boldly
because I'm his kid.
And I say, Hey,
how you doing?
You know,
it's not religious,
it's relationship. How would you act if
you were going home to your home
or your kids would come in your house?
You say, Come on in. Come and get
something out of the fridge.
I'm coming in. I want a glass of water.
Let's sit and talk.
I
miss
you.
Honey, I'm home.
I'm here.
How would you act around your wife? How
would your wife act around you? I'm
here.
Oh Father, we love you.
We glorify your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
We
magnify
your name
in all the earth.
We thank you, Father, for the
urgency of the hour.
Now, I'm just going to pray in the
spirit and you can pray along with me.
If you don't know what that is, get the
book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
That will explain everything
to you. I'm not
talking in a weird language. I'm
talking in my Holy Ghost language
and you can too. Get the book
Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin. It will
change your life
and
educate you on what we're doing right
now because I know a lot of you have no idea
since
your church isn't teaching it.
Okay,
so we're going to lift up President
Trump right now and we're going to
pray for him in a perfect
language concerning me and the Holy
Ghost. To the Father.
I see
a motor disown. I see a hammer and
a chisel hitting at a stone
making modern-day disciples.
I see France and concerns
regarding Islam and
martyrdom. That is
it, martyrdom.
I'm
back
at
the
Vatican.
It's all the way to Ireland.
Now we're headed over to
Iran.
It's
about the airspace. I see Apache
helicopters and I see the troops coming
down from them.
This is
much more strategic.
We pray over those troops. They're
coming out of these stealth
helicopters
and they're coming inward.
Pray for the people that are helping
them
inward. These people are the helpers.
That's what the Lord told me to call
them, helpers. We
pray for the helpers online.
We pray for these
strategic allies in these
transports.
All
through
Jordan,
we pray over every heart.
No betrayals.
Over every heart, there is no
betrayal.
I hear the word betrayal in the
land. We call
for a
pinpoint laser.
We pray for a covering over them.
You
will
be their shield and their
buckler.
We pray Psalms 91 over every one of
those troops right now.
I pray
that they will come home.
I
pray over them
and
thank
you, Lord, that
I put a hedge around about them.
A thousand shall
fall at their side and 10,000 at their
right hand, but it will not come nigh
them.
They will travel through
the night
and they will not be detected by
these drones. I see these drones.
It's a drone with a scope,
a sphere
at the top.
I see this drone flying over
with
a
camera.
It's
stealthy.
I hear this word stealthy
and
this
is
Russia-made
technology.
These
are
sophisticated drones.
I pray over these troops.
I
count each one.
The Lord said, pray for them.
Pray for
our soldiers.
Oh Father,
we pray for them.
There
is
so much that I'm seeing, but I
don't feel that it's smart to talk about
it.
For the safety of these men, I'm not
going to tell you
everything that I'm seeing.
You must pray
for these men
on both sides.
It
is
very important.
The Lord said bring
them home safely.
They're going to
liberate the people
because they have
a demonic hold upon the land.
Now,
we're
going
to
take
the
direction
the Lord said,
pray for
President Trump to have wisdom
over
him.
We
pray over his mind
that he has the mind of Christ.
Thank you, Lord. There is no demonic
interference.
There
is
some kind of
demonic-looking
spirit trying to pluck at him.
It looks similar to a raven
sitting on a perch hiding in the
shadow. It sticks
its
head out and
plucks at his head.
It's
a portal.
It only comes out of this portal to
pluck at his head so people can't see it. They're talking about the watchers, us. There are
people assigned to President Trump to intercede for him and this is something
they can't see.
It's on a perch
and
it
goes like this, it plucks and
hides.
It's an invisible black
thing.
I'm able to see this because
it's illuminated with light
and it's casting
a
greyness.
The invisible becomes visible
when you're in the spirit.
It's attacking his mind.
It's like a bad
brain fog trying to pluck your mind so
you don't have clear thoughts to get the
job done.
This is interesting because I
see it's the same thing trying to attack
Alex Jones.
God wanted to use Alex Jones
and even Glenn Beck.
These
are
attacks
on the minds of
truth-tellers to
come against the
truth-tellers.
We thank you, Lord,
that the angels of
the Lord are protecting the
truth-tellers.
They have things they may not
say that are totally great,
but the Lord wants to use
them in the days ahead.
Father, that they would not mix; it
is
a mixture.
I see a mixture. You know when you take
oil and water, there is a mixture.
The Lord wants to separate the mixture. I see a mixture, and as they
are pouring it in, the water is turning.
The Lord wants to separate the mixture.
Many
will
die
without the truth tellers.
Without the truth tellers and watchmen
sounding the
alarm,
many
will
die.
He
is
annoyed with Tucker
for some reason.
Now, I am just telling you what I
am
seeing,
and I do not know why,
but something was said, something
happened. He
is
not happy with this.
It
is
a stance, a way of
thinking, a hardness of heart. This
is
not good,
and it concerns Tucker.
He said, 'The root is pride,
Brandon.'That
is what he just said. The
root is pride. With every one of these
men,
humble yourself before me. He said, 'I
will
humble them before me.
I will humble them,
and they will fear the great God
Jehovah.'They
would fear the great God
Jehovah,
a greater reverence and a fear of the
great God Jehovah. For I am drawing them
near.
I will use who I want to use.
I will speak through who I want to speak
through.
Who are you to say
that I cannot use or speak through who I
want to speak through? It
is
the same with Mel Gibson. The
Lord is
going to use him
greatly in the days ahead. We
are
praying for that movie
and
these things to be accomplished
because the enemy would try to derail
it.
It
is
very interesting
how
he looks at our hearts. He is not looking
at the outward man.
He said, 'I will use whoever I want to
use.'It
is
like some of these decisions have
already been
made.
They
are
already
in motion.
Angels aid
in
assistance.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our
people
and
our
nation,
that we will not become a goat nation.
We will remain a sheep
nation, one nation under God.
We
are
coming back to our roots
and
displaying
better fruits.
We pray for the roots,
Father, for they will not change.
We will remain a
nation under God.
We pray for the roots to remain
pure, and even though we
deviated off the course a little bit, we
pull it back
to have better fruit
so
the cankerworm does not eat our
fruit.
Our forefathers stood for something
right,
and we go back to the
original blood and the original
fruit.
A nation that is one nation under God,
a nation that has freedom of
speech and freedom of religion, freedom
to say, 'Jesus, we
love
you.'Father,
that America would have a
great revival again.
That Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, Taiwan, Africa, Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the Philippines would have a major
revival.
I know there are so many people
here tonight calling out for their
nations
that Jesus would bring a major revival
across this world
in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father.
We call in revival again,
a great harvest of souls.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have
in store
for
Australia. Father, we call forth
the rain,
the rain
of the glory
and
the presence on
our nations in Jesus'name.
I am
trying to find the vein of it
and I can feel it. It
is
like
that place of decision I
am
circling back around,
and
it
is
Trump and the decision he
about to make,
or has already made.
This
is
like the scale
of
how big a thing this is about
to be. It
is
the difference, like World War II. The
Lord said,
'Just camp right there
at
the point of the
decision.'God
bless America,
land that I love,
stand beside her
and guide her.
We humble
ourselves
before you.
For you said, 'If my people,'you
did not
say the world, 'if my
people
who are called by my name
will humble themselves and
pray.'We
humble
ourselves
before you, Father,
for our nation tonight.
We
repent
as a nation, Father,
and we turn from our wicked ways.
Oh God, have mercy.
We stand in the gap for our nation
and
for our president.
You said to stand in the gap and
fight
so
that our nation will be
one nation again.
All this division and
strife is going
on,
but
our nation will be
one nation unto God.
God bless America.
Help us, Father.
There
are
strategic things
that Jesus set in motion
that he must fulfill.
He
is
talking about Trump.
There
are
key doors.
I see these key doors. Write this
down. There is
a major door
here that he must open,
and
he
is
the only one who can open it.
The assignment I have for him is to
open this door,
and
it
is right before him.
I have assigned him specifically to open
this door.
It has a big black wrought iron fence
in front of it,
and the door is glowing, but it has a
big black wrought iron fence with
thorns all over it
trying to keep him out. There
are
thorns and they are intertwined
in that black metal fence,
and there are no leaves on
these thorns. They look like briars,
things that would keep you out because
you do not
want to walk through
them.
But we are going to trim those briars out
of that.
We
are
taking those briars off by the spirit in the
name of Jesus. We are taking the
spiritual briars off and
we are
opening the door.
We are going to get that gate out of the way
and
open that door today,
and Trump is going to walk through that
door. What God has called him to walk
through, the assignment I have for
him, he will walk
through.
He
is
just a man
that I have chosen to do it just like I
have in the past.
Now
back him in prayer.
Push him through the door. Push him by the ways of the spirit. By the way of the spirit. Push him through
that door.
The door has
beautiful carvings all over it.
The door is glowing with light,
but it looks like a Victorian style.
It is
beautiful.
And it is not a square
door. It is a round door. It
is
like Billy Burke said,
little hinges open big doors.
I see it
is
the little hinges
that open the bigger doors.
What does that mean about the spirit,
Lord? Because I hear it. That is what I can see
here.
Now when I saw it, I saw Minnesota and I
saw the corruption.
This is part of the door
and
exposing concerning the vote in the
blue
states.
Exposing. This is what
will cause the pivotal
moment.
Okay, I see it. I see the plan.
Listen to me. I
am
looking at it.
You want to know the plan to make the
red wave happen
for the November election.
An exposing in the blue states
of the corruption that lies underneath
the surface of the land.
This is what as you uncover this in
prayer
will bring it out of the media.
They will try to
bury it, for this is the
political theater
that is upon your land.
An exposing of the darkness
that is upon
your land
will help you to win the red wave that you
are
looking for.
For when this is taken off, the sheet is
being uncovered on your land. For there
is
great corruption
in the states: Pennsylvania,
major corruption;
California, major corruption; Michigan,
Boston, Massachusetts area, major
corruption;
Las Vegas, major corruption.
These key states,
praying over these key places for an
uprising of exposing
darkness will
help you win the race.
There must be all the way into the
summer an exposing
in your political and in
the judges. There
is
exposing of
darkness in judges
concerning
ballots,
voter fraud.
Pennsylvania voter fraud
is
still
a major deal. Voter fraud in
Pennsylvania.
This is in Atlanta.
It
is
the voter fraud,
but it is more; it is uncovering
the fraud of the money.
I
am
looking at the fraud of the
money.
They try to acid wash it,
to get rid of it. They
are
trying because they know the exposing
and the corruption to try to
pad the books. They want to mess
with the books. It
is
too much to bury. The Lord
says it
is
right in front of them if they
will
just look.
The Lord said it is right in front of
the Trump administration if they will
just look. It
is
too big to bury. It
very surface. He says,
if you just have an investigator look at
it, it is just so surface. The Lord says
it was so big they were not expecting it.
It
is
about
as much corruption as what
it is with the Clintons
and with the Pelosi. It
is
so surface. The Lord says
so easy to see. It
is
a cleaning of the house.
There
is
much corruption on the Republican and on
the Democratic side. He said,
this is not just a Democratic issue;
this is a Republican issue, too. There
is
corruption on both sides.
Stench is stench.
Corruption is corruption.
Pray for new men and women to run for
the offices in these areas. There
is
much stench on both sides of the
aisle.
The Lord:
I see red and blue
mingled together with this corruption.
It looks like
you take Play-Doh and you stretch
it
out and do a little circle thing and you
mix up the colors together. It looks
like that, but it
is
intertwined. The
corruption is
intertwined. You
cannot
look at one
without looking at the other.
Both of the Play-Doh is mixed together. One
is
blue, one is red, but it
is twisted
together. There is much corruption on
all levels of government.
And just because they are Republicans running
it right now, they do not want to shed
light on theirs.
But the Lord said there
is corruption
on both aisles,
and there needs to be a cleaning of the
house. Drain the swamp.
You said, well you focus on the
Democrat. Well, there
is
Republican bad, too. That
what he said. There
are
many people that need to be
replaced. He said,
for a great revival
to begin within.
Thank you, Lord.
We
are
not just focused on America. There
is
a lot that needs to take
place in Australia, too. There
is
a great shaking in Europe. There
a shaking in Macron
France,
and we pray for there. That is a
real thing in itself with the royals,
a shaking.
The Lord said focus on one thing at a
time. Do not let pressure
of that which you
see affect you. Because
I see it over
there and I see down there, and he said
focus on one thing at a time
because
the Mexican government has so much
corruption, there is a lot in France; there
is
corruption everywhere,
y'all. I
am
looking across the globe and it
is
like, my goodness,
everybody has drama. For what I
see,
we pray for the council of many voices
to become ones that he can trust.
Exposing the rats within that have a
political
biased opinion. Do
not
be led by emotion. Be led by my
spirit.
Father, we thank you Lord for godly
counsel. Take no counsel
from the ungodly. It
is
about him. There
very ungodly counsel. It
is
interesting. He is not allowing me to
say much about what I am seeing tonight.
Usually, I am able to talk, but I am seeing
so much about the war, what the strategic
plans are, but he does not want me to broadcast
over the internet.
He said, be still. Every single time I
look at it, he goes, be still.
He wants these people to pray.
He said, pray. Do
not
be talking about it.
Be still.
This plan that is in motion cannot be
broadcast over the internet. He said
it puts people's lives in danger.
He must be still.
Just pray.
So that is why I am not saying much
because
he said have them pray.
Just pray that you give him little
key cues and then pray, is what he
is
saying, because
this puts people in danger.
I
have
not
said a whole lot, have I? I
have
tried really hard to walk on
this line. There
is
so much to do. This
is a
major deal, ladies and gentlemen. He
is
playing chess and he is looking at
this chess piece here.
What will they do with this chess piece? He
is
playing 3D. It is like
playing chess. Okay, so
if I do this, then what will happen
after this
behind that desk? It is a chessboard.
He writes the vision down and he says he
is
strategizing
where he is writing down.
So he is looking, okay, so what
would
happen with this? But what will happen
with this? So he needs godly
counsel because that bird is sitting on
a purse trying to peck his mind
to
cause confusion when he is writing it
down.
And that is what we take authority over,
that stupid demonic spirit, whatever
this demonic spirit is, of confusion
and torment,
that he would be led by the spirit of
God. And that demonic spirit is not
able to infiltrate by pecking at his
mind,
that he will not make ungodly decisions
by torment of fear or worry, but
be filled with and controlled by the
Holy Ghost concerning this,
because that is where God's plan is.
This is so strategic
because everything will be a lynchpin. And
that is
what I am seeing. That is what it
is,
not just weighing out one decision.
This decision will affect all these
other decisions. But if you be led on
the path, it's like Indiana Jones.
Whenever he
was
walking on that thing,
he spelled out the letters
in the temple to get the
cup of the Holy Grail. If he walked
on the path, each step along the way
would get him across.
If he walked across the wrong one, he'd
fall in the hole.
That's how spelling out the name of
Jehovah
worked;
he
stepped on the right path. That's how
strategic this has to be.
Don't just look at the step in front of
you;
you
have
to think
about this step, that step, and what's
going to get me to the other side.
That's what the Lord was saying.
This is such a
strategic thing.
Even whenever it's coming to the election
in
November, from winning to losing, that's
how much pressure is on this man.
So he has to have—we just lift him up
before you, Father.
We lift him up before you, Father,
that this is not his burden
to carry. He's working for you.
We thank you that his heart remains
pure before you.
We thank you, Lord, that there are
angels watching over him right
now, that he is covered by the blood of
Jesus, that he is taking
counsel from godly people,
and
he puts people of prayer around him,
and he flows with the peace that
passes all understanding. Tonight,
I thank you, Lord,
that you're guiding our president.
Father, I thank you; you said push
the button concerning Iran. It's about
Iran
for causing a major revival over the
land
to remove the Ayatollah communion,
to move
the dictator, to get rid of
this. I saw
that
this man's evil.
The same with Cuba. The same with
Mexico. The same with all; the only one
that I've never had a go on is
Greenland.
I can't see past it
because I don't see corruption in
Greenland
like I do Mexico, Cuba, and Iran.
I don't know why.
Maybe there is, but I
definitely see it over Claudia. I
definitely see it over
Cuba,
praying over them to have these
dictators removed in Iran for freedom in
these lands and Pakistan.
There's shakings,
and
that's why I think it's interesting,
because
I get to Greenland and I feel a
caution.
I feel a caution when I come to Greenland
about taking Greenland,
about this
Greenland agenda. I have caution.
Now the others,
it's like a push.
But when I get to Greenland in my
spirit—and
this is just Brandon
Biggs
talking to
y'all—when
I get to Greenland in my spirit, I
feel caution
like, 'Don't do that.
Be
cautious.'Let
it be a vote. Let it be
strategic. Don't be strong-arm in this.
Be cautious about this concerning the EU.
Be cautious about this, sir.
Don't strong-arm this.
No matter how much it looks right for
the picking, be cautious.
Now, Iran, I feel go. I kept
hearing the Lord say, 'Push the
button.'When
it comes to Claudia in this,
there's corruption. There's something
very dark there. I see
a man rising up in
Claudia's position
that would be a good businessman for
the people of Mexico
that's not wavered by cartel money.
I saw Cuba
bringing liberation to the Cubans.
I feel go
in my spirit to pray for that. But when I get
to Greenland, I feel caution.
Don't do that. Something's
not right there.
I don't know why, but I get to that
wall in the spirit and I go,
'Uh-uh.
Don't do that. I feel
caution.'I
don't know if y'all feel that same
thing when you're praying, but that's
just what I'm
feeling.
Pray over this. Be
diplomatic.
It's not, don't be
strong-armed.
Don't be the bully
in the
schoolyard.
Walk light
here.
Pray for the hearts.
Walk
light
with Europe. You need strategic
allies up here. You're going to make
some people very mad.
You need these folks up here;
they're your friends for what's
coming. You don't want to
burn bridges.
There's
going to be some bad things here. This
is
not going to get an outcome like
you want.
Walk light here.
But down here, there's drug cartels.
You got to take care of
this. This is a cancer. You got
to cut that out.
And I feel green light, green light, green
light, red light,
red light. Don't touch that. In the
spirit, when I'm praying over this, I
see
red light, green light, green light, green
light, red light,
and it's going to tick Russia off, but
they're too weak to defend it.
Russia's
depleted from
Ukraine.
He
has a big voice, but
it's a demonic spirit speaking
through Putin.
It's demonic. And that's why they say,
'Should you do that?'No, it's a
liberation.
But when I see it in the
vision and
I see it,
Putin is
stretched thin. It's about the BRICS
backing their agenda,
Xi
and
Kim
and them all, but they'll take Ukraine
like, 'Okay, fine. We'll gobble this
up.
We'll take
ours.'It's
about Greenland.
That's why I just have
such a caution.
We just pray for the Valley of
Decision for President Trump.
That's just me; what I feel when I weigh
it out in my spirit.
It's what I'm praying over. So, you all
pray with me. You say, 'Well,
Bren,
you're
wrong.'Hey,
it's just what I feel.
I
feel that peace; I go with that peace.
It's not saying that you can
just be a bully and go over these
places. It's freeing things up. I see
new leaders rise up in Mexico,
Cuba,
Venezuela. God wants to bring
liberation and revival to these areas
because there's great corruption with
cartel and sex trafficking that you
don't know about.
It's very deep, the level of evil in
these areas. Well, is the United States
all good? No. I just told you we
had
corruption on both
sides.
But God will use who he wants to use.
If I can
use him right now, it's a lot better
than
Kamala.
What's her name?
She's
always laughing.
We want revival in
Europe and
South Korea.
This is why I'm telling you, Xi is
trying to bring a cord into South
Korea to lure them in and to trap
them.
It's the spirit behind him; it's
communism.
That's why the Lord was so disgusted
with the guy in
New York.
When he
got in there, they opened a massive door,
and there's a shaking coming to New
York. I saw people fleeing like rats on
a ship.
He's corrupt.
He's a very evil man.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done
for us tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that the Supreme Court
judges will rule in our favor
to keep America strong.
It may not be
what we really want,
but Father, whatever it takes to keep
our economy strong, our nation
strong,
over this next two weeks,
going into the 26th of this month,
going into February 3rd.
Thank you, Father. You protect our
nation
in
Jesus'name.
I pray that I bless you all
tonight. I know it was kind of
different.
I couldn't say certain things, and I hope
you understand.
But I'm very thankful for every one of
you that came tonight and prayed for our
country,
for
Iran,
and the valley of decision, the
urgency of the hour.
I pray for every one of you. We thank
you for all 11,000 of you that came out
and prayed with us.
I felt a lot of push.
Did you? It felt like we were
pushing hard.
The Lord said we could do it, and I felt like we did a lot. Did you feel
like we pushed a lot?
You feel release.
When you have this many, I don't want to
let you go. Keep praying.
Let's take these truths and push
them over here. Let's call
the dinar currency to get done.
We got a lot of mouths
in
here. Let's
go.
We'll chop that devil all up with this
many people. Let's go get him.
We're like
the Band of Brothers.
Let's go.
Why have I got
this many with me? Is
there anything else? Father, I call the
revivals.
Let's pray for revival. Let's pray for
finances.
We call in the finances in the name of
Jesus
from the north, the south, the east, the west.
Satan, let go of our money.
We call in the finances to get the job
done in the name of Jesus to support the
gospel throughout the whole world.
We call forth the dinar to
reinstate.
We call it done now in Jesus'name. We
call the prince of Persia to let it go.
We call forth Babylon to rise up,
and we call forth the blessing on Iraq
in the name of Jesus to come forth for
the people
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We call
certain cryptocurrencies
to flourish in Jesus'name. Go to $5 now
in Jesus'name. We call it in. We call it
blessed. The bank things will be signed
and deals will be made unhindered
and uninterrupted by any satanic or
demonic force.
We call forth the finances for the
kingdom of God in
Jesus'name,
and we thank you Lord that it happens
now.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped
for and evidence of things not seen. We
call it done now
and we're not hindered anymore.
There's a great thing in store and the
blessing of the Lord will flow.
The flowing of the blessing like a river
of living water flows
in the name of Jesus. We call marriages
restored. We call single people to find
somebody they love.
The perfect God-chosen mate.
Don't marry your
Ishmael,
marry your Isaac.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll
find a godly spouse in 2026.
The singles will find
somebody to be with, that they'll not be
alone anymore.
They'll find a God-fearing spouse.
Women find a good man and the
men find a good woman.
Good godly spouses.
You've done a lot of pushing. All
day long it's been that way.
If you
could see my spirit man, I look like
Arnold Schwarzenegger in the spirit.
Don't let this flesh fool you.
I'm ripped in the spirit. He will look at it
and
say, Let the spirit look like the
flesh.
But the flesh will pick the spirit.
Not backwards again. I think you look
good. Thanks, baby. I need to get
healthier.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand on our
homes. Thank you, Lord, for the blessing
on these households. Thank you, Lord, that
we finish our day. Those
that are starting their day right now,
bless them, Father, in the city, in the
field, coming in and going out. And those
that are getting ready to go
to
sleep, Father, bless them too. I thank
you, Lord, that this is a great night
ahead and a great day ahead. And
that,
Father, we'll come back strong and praying
and we'll see results in what we prayed
tonight.
We'll see results in their day.
Great change is coming
in Jesus'name. And everybody say amen and
amen.
Thank you for joining us tonight,
wherever you are. We
appreciate every single one of you. If
you could like, subscribe, click the
notification bell, do everything you can
with the algorithm. We appreciate every
single one of you coming out and doing
this and helping us. Comment
something nice down below, and we will
see you again. We'll pray together
and we love you.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you and we'll see you again soon.